All right.
OK.
One
—one more step.
All right.
We’re almost there.
OK.
We’re getting close.
And here it is.
Oh!
It’s a lemon tree!
I’ve always wanted one.
Thank you so much.
I love it!
Happy first anniversary.
Ah, thank you.
Can we take a picture?
Yeah.
OK.
First lemon pie!
SKE!
Are you comfortable?
Happy anniversary.
Are you all right?
In our field ministry this weekend,
to offer the current magazine,
which one of those
do you think that you’d like to use?
So before we go in the territory,
do you mind if we make a stop first?
Today is our wedding anniversary.
Ah, I—
I didn’t know.
I’m so sorry.
When Sharon died,
I was going through some
especially raw days myself.
I keep getting flooded with memories.
That’s normal.
Do you know what my number one help was?
It was prayer.
I do pray,
but it stirs up emotions
that I’m trying to keep down.
Don’t keep the emotions down.
Let them out with Jehovah.
Tell him how you really feel, Matt.
Your thoughts are safe with him.
You know, 1 John 3:20 tells us
that “God is greater than our hearts
and knows all things.”
He understands us better
than we understand ourselves.
And he’s giving us help now
that’s specific for our needs.
It’s going to get better.
Is there anything else you do
on those especially raw days?
There is.
But it may be the opposite
of what you want to do.
What’s that?
Find someone that you can help.
Jesus said that’s
a guaranteed formula for happiness.
Remind me next year
that this is Matt’s wedding anniversary day.
Hey, Darren.
Have you seen Javier?
He’s got a part tonight.
No, I haven’t seen him.
They received some bad news today,
so really—
Uh, there they are.
Our part tonight will be handled
by Brother Javier Vallez.
It’s, ah—
It’s the—
Uh, well, maybe it’s better
if I just read it from the reference,
um, yeah,
it’s the 2011 Watchtower.
So we had a great meeting.
Let’s conclude with song and prayer.
Amen.
I really enjoyed your talk.
Thanks.
Nice job, nice job.
Thanks for your text last night.
I know my talk was not
what it should have been.
You did fine,
especially after your day yesterday.
We always paid our rent on time.
And now we’re being evicted
and for no reason.
How are we going to find
a new place to live in just two weeks?
After SKE,
we sold everything to make this move,
but it’s been one thing after another.
We can’t seem to catch a break.
I’m so sorry.
Lauren and I experienced a rough patch
like this soon after we were married.
We prayed a lot,
we kept our expenses to a minimum,
but we did something else too.
We made it a goal to stick
to a good spiritual routine
and not isolate ourselves.
And that’s why I really want to commend
both of you for coming last night.
I know it made Jehovah’s heart glad.
Thanks, Matt.
We’re trying.
We want to show Jehovah we trust in him.
Remember, it goes both ways:
‘With someone loyal
Jehovah will act in loyalty.’
He won’t let you down.
You’ll see.
Yeah.
Yeah. We’d love to. Of course.
Yeah. We’d love that.
They are an awesome couple.
Just come with me this one time then.
Honey, you know we can’t do that.
We’ve already decided.
Explain to me why.
I’ll show you why.
From this?
Yes.
No! Stop!
I’m done!
I’m done with your religion!
I’m done with this!
Ian.
Paragraph 11 asks: “How did Hezekiah
reveal what was in his heart?”
Marley, this is your paragraph.
Are you ready?
Let’s hear from Marley, please.
Hezekiah did something foolish,
and Jehovah didn’t like it.
Thank you.
Good comment.
Ah, any further comments?
Sister Rapp, please.
Did you get to talk to Levi?
No.
But, you know, I did talk to his mom.
You know, she said that the divorce
has been really difficult.
We should do something.
You know, we can do something.
Hey, you know,
I met a young man the other day,
and he’s about your age.
Hey, Robert.
How are you?
Good.
I’m really glad you like Chinese food, Levi.
Are you kidding me?
We used to eat Chinese food
all the time with—
I-I can’t believe he left.
Levi, read this scripture here in Psalms.
“Even if my own father
and mother abandon me,
Jehovah himself will take me in.”
Jehovah will take you in too, Levi.
You know, loved ones may leave us
but Jehovah never will.
You and your mom are never alone.
We’re all part of Jehovah’s family.
That’s right, Levi.
We all have each other.
Let’s go.
Jehovah is a God who hates injustice.
In fact, he’s promised to eliminate it.
We can read that promise together
in the book of Psalm 37,
and we’ll begin reading in verse 10.
Here we read God’s promise:
“Just a little while longer,
and the wicked will be no more;
you will look at where they were,—”
Are you OK?
Yeah, I feel bad for Brother Tobias.
He always seems to be in pain.
Yeah, it’s his hip.
But he’s always faithful;
he never misses a meeting.
Does he live by himself?
I think his wife died a while back.
It’s just him now.
Thank you for joining us,
and welcome to the program!
Good morning, Brother Tobias.
Levi.
We’ve had a ton of leaves falling
in our yard that needed cleaning up,
and I thought I’d see
if you needed some help around here.
Far be it for me to refuse free help.
Levi, come.
So you went to Bethel?
then Gilead?
I did.
I want to go Bethel someday.
Javier and Michelle,
they took me not that long ago,
and I really liked what I saw.
That is an excellent goal.
You’ll never go wrong
putting spiritual things first in your life.
Where did you work when you were in Bethel?
I worked on the Linotype machine.
Linotype?
What’s that?
Come, let me show you
how we did it in our day.
Sit down.
There’s a picture.
I was one of the brothers
holding up that Bible.
Wow!
Mom, did you hear that?
What?
He was at that convention
where they released the first Bible.
Wow!
We’re all set.
Ready to see some film?
Good night, everyone.
I’ll be back tomorrow
to finish up the leaves.
Sounds good.
I’ll have the hot chocolate ready.
You and your mom are never alone.
We’re all part of Jehovah’s family.